Homework #9 COP3014

For this assignment you will implement additions to the Time class that was created for Homework 7 and 8.
You are provided the solutions to Homework 7 and 8 and you are asked to created 3 new functions.
The list of new functions to implement include:
The assignemnt operator for the Time class
The member function overloaded equality operator (==).
The non-member function overloaded addition operator (+).


A Main.cpp file is also provided which contains 35 test cases for the Time class. You must
strictly adhere to the defined names, otherwise the software will not compile. 
To receive full credit, all 35 test cases must pass. A project will be created that contains
3 files (Time.h, Time.cpp, and Main.cpp). There are 10 new test cases and 25 test cases from
Homework 7 and 8.

Display your name on the first line in the Main.cpp file where indicated. No other changes
should be made to the Main.cpp file.

You will capture an image of your final test case output and submit that.


Files provided:
Main.cpp
Time.cpp
Time.h

Submission to Canvas:
Create a folder. The folder name should be your name with the homework number.
Example of my folder name would be: karlweiss-hw9
Put the following files in the folder. 
1) Your completed Time.cpp file and Time.h file.
2) An image of the console output displaying the test case results.
Now, zip the folder to create a .zip file.
Submit this single .zip file to Canvas.

Your program must match the listed requirements.
Your program must compile with no errors or warnings for full credit.
Your program must run and execute the above listed requirements.
Your program must follow the Best Practices covered in class for full credit.
Your program must be adequately commented for full credit.
Your program must be tested for full credit.
You  must submit the test images for full credit.
The program must be submitted on time in order to receive any credit.
Late submissions will not be accepted or graded.
All programming assignments are individual work, sharing code is considered cheating.

