Homework #7 COP3014

For this assignment you will implement a Time class that is defined in the Time.cpp file,
which is provided with this assignment. You will need to write the class definition in the
Time.h file, which is provided. You will also implement all member functions in the Time.cpp 
file. The list of functions to implement include:
The Default Constructor
One 3-input Constructor
Destructor
setTime() function
getHours() function
getMinutes() function
getAMPM() function


A Main.cpp file is also provided which contains 12 test cases for the Time class. You must
strictly adhere to the defined names, otherwise the software will not compile. 
To receive full credit, all 12 test cases must pass. A project will be created that contains
3 files (Time.h, Time.cpp, and Main.cpp). 

Display your name on the first line in the Main.cpp file where indicated. No other changes
should be made to the Main.cpp file.

You will capture an image of your final test case output and submit that.


Files provided:
Main.cpp
Time.cpp
Time.h

Submission to Canvas:
Create a folder. The folder name should be your name with the homework number.
Example of my folder name would be: karlweiss-hw7
Put the following files in the folder. 
1) Your completed Time.cpp file and Time.h file.
2) An image of the console output displaying the test case results.
Now, zip the folder to create a .zip file.
Submit this single .zip file to Canvas.

Your program must match the listed requirements.
Your program must compile with no errors or warnings for full credit.
Your program must run and execute the above listed requirements.
Your program must follow the Best Practices covered in class for full credit.
Your program must be adequately commented for full credit.
Your program must be tested for full credit.
You  must submit the test images for full credit.
The program must be submitted on time in order to receive any credit.
Late submissions will not be accepted or graded.
All programming assignments are individual work, sharing code is considered cheating.

